Let's move into a challenge and
I'll set the challenge and
then we can take a break,
come back and I will solve it.
So the challenge is this.
In the Repu, if you downloaded it,
navigate to this component,
and what you want to do
is refactor the service,
so that the test in the spec pass.
You can validate this by
running this command here.
Now, if you did knock down the Repu or
download the Repu, you can go to
the stack Blitz and just refactor it,
you're not going to be able to test it.
But when I go over the solution, you'll
be able to compare your work with that.
So this is kind of a double bonus day that
not only are we going to refactor it,
but we're going to do it in
the context of unit tests.